Add choice observers in the ledger model. (#8576)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/concepts/ledger-model/ledger-privacy.rst

For example, Alice should be an observer of the `PaintOffer`, such that she is made aware that the offer exists.

Signatories are already determined by the contract model discussed so far.
The full **contract model** additionally specifies the **contract observers** on each contract.
A **stakeholder** of a contract (according to a given contract model) is then either a signatory or a contract observer on the contract.
Note that in Daml, as detailed :ref:`later <da-model-daml>`, controllers specified using simple syntax are automatically made contract observers whenever possible.

In the graphical representation of the paint offer acceptance below, contract observers who are not signatories are indicated by an underline.

.. https://www.lucidchart.com/documents/edit/ea40a651-a2e0-4365-ae7d-4cee8cd07071/0
.. image:: ./images/stakeholders-paint-offer.svg
   :align: center
   :width: 60%

Choice Observers
++++++++++++++++

> In addition to contract observers, we also have **choice observers** on individual contract choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to contract observers, the contract model can also specify **choice observers** on individual **Exercise** actions.
```

Author: Thanks!

> Choice observers get to see a specific exercise on a contract, and to view its consequences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choice observers get to see a all exercises of a specific choice on a contract, and to view its consequences.
```

Reviewer: Right now the ledger model doesn't include a notion of a choice. I do want to add it when I find a bit of spare time, but until then I would maybe not mention them here.

Reviewer: A short blurb choice observers should also be added to the "DAML: Defining Contract Models Compactly" section

Author: @cocreature  I think a choice observer can depend on the arguments to the choice, right? So they really are observers to a specific exercise, not to every exercise on the choice.

Reviewer 2: good point, I guess it might still be useful to state somewhere that they are defined by choice but that brings up to @oggy-’s point that choices aren’t included in here at all so keeping it at exercises should be perfectly fine.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should have called them "exercise observer"... In any case I think @sofiafaro-da 's phrasing was good.

.. _def-informee:

As a design choice, Daml Ledgers show to contract observers only the
:ref:`state changing <def-contract-state>` actions on the contract.
More precisely, **Fetch** and non-consuming **Exercise** actions are not shown to contract observers - except when they are
also actors or choice observers of these actions.
This motivates the following definition: a party `p` is an **informee** of an action `A` if one of the following holds:

  * `A` is a **Create** on a contract `c` and `p` is a stakeholder of `c`.

>   * `A` is a consuming **Exercise** on a contract `c`, and `p` is a stakeholder of `c`, an actor on `A`, or a choice observer on `A`.

Reviewer: Since the whole list is a distinction, I'd suggest just adding an item for choice observers rather than duplicating and including nested disjunctions

Author: That's a great idea! 👍
